feat: Preview in a different module path (#474)
mongodb/atlas-sdk-go: tools/releaser/README.md

we should provide a list of breaking changes notes under `./breaking _changes/{major_version}.md` file.
This file is automatically generated during release.

## SDK Preview

> The [Generate Preview SDK Github action](../../.github/workflows/autoupdate-preview.yaml) creates a PR with latest changes.
> It's created in package `github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go` instead of `go.mongodb.org/atlas-sdk/vXXXXXXXXXXX` so no official release is needed for Preview and it makes it clear that it's not a regular version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview generates SDK version by substituting`github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go` as package name. 
Version should never be commited to the main branch. This task should only be used in  [Generate Preview SDK Github action](../../.github/workflows/autoupdate-preview.yaml) creates a PR with latest changes.
```
